Inspiring Compassion: Rolls Royce vs. Indian Maharaja  King Jai Singh was one day walking in casual dress along Bond Street of London. He saw a Rolls Royce showroom and went inside to inquire about the price and features of their latest model, the Rolls Royce Phantom II Tourer. Considering him to be just another poor Indian citizen, the showroom salesman insulted him and almost showed him the way out of the showroom.  After this insult, King Jai Singh walked back to his Mayfair Hotel room and asked his servants to call the showroom and say that the King of Alwar is interested in purchasing a few of their cars. After a few hours, the King returned to the Rolls Royce showroom again, but this time in his full royal grandeur.  As he entered the showroom, the red carpet had already been placed on the floor, and all the salesmen were lined up and bent with respect. There were seven Rolls Royce cars in the showroom, the King purchased all seven of them! He paid cash there and then.  Later the maharaja ordered that the cars be sent to the municipal department where they were to use the 7 Rolls Royce cars for cleaning and transporting the city’s waste.  The news spread all over the world rapidly that the cars were being used for transportation of the city’s waste, and the reputation of the Rolls Royce Company was at its lowest ebb. Whenever someone used to boast in Europe or America that he owned a Rolls Royce, people used to laugh saying, “Which one? The same that is used in India for carrying the waste of the City?” The damage to the car’s reputation started to result in falling sales and a drop in revenue for Rolls Royce. Rolls Royce sent a telegram to the King in India offering apologies and requesting that he stop the transportation of waste in Rolls Royce cars. Rolls Royce also offered seven new cars to the King, free of charge.  When the king observed that Rolls Royce had learnt the lesson, their staff instructed to be more compassionate to customers, and were sorry for their mistake, stopped using the cars for carrying waste. #inspiration #compassion #heritage #luxury #fashion #cars #rollsroyce #newyork #london #paris #milano #firenze #dubai #india