Women be what your man needs emotionally, spiritually, mentally, financially , and sexually!  A lot of women believe that because they are pretty , because they have a nice shape and big boobs that is enough. Most pretty women seek admiration from men, whether they are married, in a relationship, or even if they are single.  Psychologically, its a cry for attention and the belief of their worth. They have been done wrong by so many men and they can not, for the life of them believe, a man would treat them wrong. Why? Is it because they are all that he needs or is it because they believe, "They Pu$$y Golden?" As most men get older,  their needs change from the right now, to the later in life. Especially, those who seek a woman with all the above. The days of just being pretty is coming to an end, at 40 years  old, That $hit is WACK!  A respectable woman is for her man, not other men. Let me say it again... A RESPECTABLE WOMAN IS FOR HER MAN, NOT OTHER MEN! She doesn't want or need anything from ANY OTHER MAN. What her man thinks of her is way more important then the men on social media, the men walking these streets, or the men she has put in the " Friend Zone." These type of women can't keep a man and won't keep a man. Every man has that jealous streak because of their DNA. They have been built for protection/ownership/dominance/ of the one they love.  He doesn't want to control you, he just wants to know how much you love him and that he is more important then, "Other Men." Give him that love and the right man will give it back. A love if given the chance has many benefits besides crying, "Why me?" I'm not talking about the men thats in the streets with the women talking BS and looking for the BS. I'm talking about good men, men who knows a woman's worth by the way she carries herself, handles her business and respects her place as a Queen raising Queens. Men who want to have a woman by his side to create a life of substance, a life of love and fulfillment.  You can't create that by wanting and needing the definition of your beauty and character from other men besides your own.  Just because you a grown woman,  Doesn't make you a grown woman✌🏽