Who am I ?  Is a question we must often ask ourselves. I am a writer, a lover of life, and vibrant colors. I love to laugh as loud as I can, sing at the top of my lungs, eat good food, and enjoy the presence of loved ones.  Writing is nothing new for me, I've written my entire life as a way to express what I could not communicate to others. Yes, I am naturally an introvert. I spent my childhood filling notebooks with poems, playing my grandmothers records , and reading entire books in a day. I  ran home every afternoon for years to listen to Theo on 92.3 and record each show.  Music and writing were my only lifeline as a child to express what I felt going on the inside. My friendships were limited. My low self esteem entered the room before I did. Yet there was this love I tapped into everyday when I was home alone. When it was just me, music, writing and God. I hid behind my silence for many years. Afraid to show the world who I really was. Afraid to allow people to tear away the little that I had left. There were only a few things in my life I could call my own. Music, writing, and reading.  One day life forced me to become an extrovert. I don't know the exact day it happened but I remember being tired of being abused, overlooked, and allowing my pain to silence who I really was. I fought hard for years to make sure I never allowed myself to become silenced again. I thank God for picking up my broken pieces and putting me back together again.  I never was the church type. By far church was one of the places I had been hurt the most. I spent the majority of my life avoiding it. But God met me right where I was and helped me find my way, back to beginning.  I am a woman who has made it out of the fire. I took the lemons that life gave me and gave them to God.  He gave me the sweetest lemonade.  When I smile it's real now. I smile from the inside out. When I love it's genuine now. When I laugh it's so loud you better believe you'll start laughing with me! When I speak it's through wisdom and genuine concern.  Life is beautiful if you can learn to walk through the fire, keep your head up, Hold on to God and know that you will in fact come out gold.