#Zayin #sword #faith  Preparing for the #Blessing  How the #priests prepare themselves for the blessing  By Naftali Silberberg  Washing the Hands of the Kohen  The Kohen is required to #ritually wash and sanctify his hands before Birkat Kohanim. The al netilat yadayim blessing is not recited after this hand-washing. The hands should be washed in the closest possible time-proximity to the Birkat Kohanim (typically after the Kedushah is recited in the Repetition of the Amidah). G‑d conferred upon the #holy #tribe of #Levi the privilege of assisting and serving the Kohanim while they are in the "line of duty." Thus the honor of washing the Kohanim's hands belongs to the Levites. If no Levite is present, a firstborn son does the honors. (Although the priesthood was removed from the firstborn following the #GoldenCalf debacle, they still retain an added measure of holiness.) If no Levite or firstborn is in attendance, the Kohen should wash his own hands.  Before washing the Kohen's hands, the Levite (or #firstborn) should wash his own hands. #Chabad #custom is for the #Levite to wash his hands three times intermittently—as one does after waking in the morning. Conversely, the Kohen's hands are washed as is customary when washing for bread—right hand three times and then left hand #three times.  The Kohen should not speak between the hand-washing and the Birkat Kohanim.  Removal of Shoes  The Kohen removes his shoes before the Birkat Kohanim. The shoe removal prevents the congregation from snickering at a Kohen who, happening to have a torn shoelace, remains behind to fix the lace, and refrains from joining his Kohen brethren.  The Kohen should remove his shoes before washing his hands, or at the very least loosen or untie his shoelaces so that he needn't touch his shoes afterwards to remove them, since this would obligate him to rewash his hands.  Out of respect for the #congregation, the shoes should not be strewn in the synagogue aisles. Instead, they should be neatly tucked out of sight, beneath a chair or table, for the duration of the blessing.  #Moments before the Blessing