Put it in the books! The New York Mets take the final game of the Series against the Miami Marlins to improve to 3-3. This win also puts them in a four-way tie for first place in the NL East. The Mets got it rolling from the start as they scored three runs. Asdrubal Cabrera got it started by getting on base by putting down a great bunt down the 3rd base line. Yoenis Cespedes singled up the middle on a hit n' run which advanced Asdrubal Cabrera to third. Jay Bruce then layed down a chopper to first as Cabrera was coming home. As Justin Bour threw JT Realmuto took his eye off the balk which ending up with him missing the ball allowing Cabrera to score and Cespedes to advance to third. Walker continued the rally singling to left scoring Cespedes and then a Lucas Duda base hit loaded the bases for Michael Conforto who was getting his first start of 2017. Conforto drew a four pitch walk which brought in Bruce to make it 3-0.  The Marlins came back and got two runs of their own in the third. Derek Dietrich started off the inning with a double to right field. After that Michael Rojas hit a blooper in to center field where Conforto and Cespedes were both going for. Cespedes ending up going for the catch but dropped it which let Derek Dietrich score. Dee Gordon then doubled and brought in Rojas to make it 3-2. Rene Rivera closed out the inning throwing out Dee Gordon and JT Realmuto stealing. There was no more scoring until the 5th inning when Jay Bruce stepped up to the plate. He blasted the ball to straight center field and extended the Mets lead to 4-2. Then next inning Michael Conforto joined the party smashing a homer to deep center, his first of the year to make the lead 5-2. Other than the 3rd inning trouble Noah Syndergaard was on top of his game. He threw seven dominant innings striking out nine. He lowered his season ERA through his two starts to 0.69. Along with Syndergaard, Michael Conforto also had a phenomenal game. He showed us that he should get some playing time going 1-3 with a homer, walk, and 2 RBIs. The Mets play the Phillies tomorrow and start a six game road trip.  #LGM #Mets #NewYork #CitiField #Queens #Flushing #UnfinishedBusiness