Commenting on the recent report in #TheGuardian that senior #WhiteHouse foreign policy official Sebastian Gorka has pushed for a plan to partition Libya into three areas, Libyan expert on regional issues Abu Bakr al Ansari suggested that the #West "has no idea what to do with the country after the murder of Muammar Gaddafi." The Guardian has recently revealed that senior White House foreign policy official, deputy assistant to President #Trump Sebastian Gorka "has pushed a plan to partition Libya, and once drew a picture of how the country could be divided into three areas on a napkin in a meeting with a senior #European diplomat." "The map he drew on a napkin during the transition period cut Libya into three sections, apparently based on the old #Ottoman provinces of Cyrenaica in the east, Tripolitania in the north-west and Fezzan in the south-west," the outlet elaborated.  Commenting on the report, Libyan expert on regional issues Abu Bakr al Ansari told Sputnik that it is aimed at "probing the possible reactions to the suggestion within the country, in the region and within the international community." "The West does not know what to do with Libya after the murder of Muammar Gaddafi. The neighboring countries are using the situation to intimidate their own population by threatening a repetition of the Libyan scenario. Meanwhile the Libyans are living under the constant threat of interference in their internal affairs & the instigation of various revolutions," he told Sputnik.  In case this plan comes into force, the expert said, it will lead to a redrawing of the map across many of the region's countries. "For example, Algeria and Chad could lay claims to Fezzan region in the south of Libya. However Tunisia, #Sudan & #Egypt will make challenges for other areas of the country. Hence the partition of #Libya will bring a lot more problems than it could possibly solve. Besides, it won't satisfy either the Libyans or the populations of the neighboring countries as it will bring the risk of a new calamity to the region," he said.👇 #Obama #HillaryClinton #NewYork #War