Malala Yousafzai has been appointed the youngest ever UN Messenger of Peace at a ceremony in New York. The 19-year-old, who became the youngest person to win the Nobel peace prize in 2014, will take up the role with a special focus on girls' education. Accepting the accolade on Monday, she said: "(Bringing change) starts with us and it should start now. If you want to see your future bright, you have to start working now (and) not wait for anyone else. "The extremists tried all their best to stop me, they tried to kill me and they didn't succeed. Now this is a new life, this is a second life and it is for the purpose of education." Ms Yousafzai, originally from Pakistan, was shot in the head in October 2012 on her way home from school in the Swat valley, for speaking out against the Taliban and its ban on female education. She now lives in Birmingham, where she attends school, and remains a prominent activist for female education. UN secretary-general Antonio Guterres said in a statement: "Even in the face of grave danger, Malala Yousafzai has shown an unwavering commitment to the rights of women, girls and all people. "Her courageous activism for girls' education has already energised so many people around the world. Now as our youngest ever UN Messenger of Peace, Malala can do even more to help create a more just and peaceful world." During the presentation, Mr Guterres described Ms Yousafzai as a "symbol of perhaps the most important thing in the world - education for all." "You are not only a hero, but you are a very committed and generous person," he added. Last month, Ms Yousafzai revealed that she intends to study at a British university. If she achieves the grades for the AAA offer, she is likely to take up a place to read philosophy, politics and economics (PPE) at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford. Speaking at the Association of School and College Lecturers annual conference, she said: "I have applied to study PPE so for the next three years I will be studying that. But other than that I want to stay focussed on my Malala Fund work." #malalayousafzai #malala #strong #beautiful #un #messenger #newyork #peace