NEW YORK, NEW YORK, what to eat!!! In no particular order. 1- @bluestonelanecoffee (brunch/breakfast) I love it here, there are a few locations but my favourite one is in the west village, the avo on toast is YUM and their homemade granola with lemon curd is HEAVEN! I ate here nearly every day 🙈  2- @esquinanyc (dinner) I love it here so so much, any time people go to NYC it's one of the first places I tell them to go, you must book it, but it's a secret hidden Mexican with delish margaritas and the most unbelievable melted cheese with honey and pumpkin seeds that I can't think about without drooling, GO!  3@thebutchersdaughter_official (lunch) this place is so yumm vegetarian, with a great vibe and yummy juices 4- @elreynyc OMG I stumbled upon this cute little cafe, while I was waiting for a roof top bar to open (yes I was alone, and yes I love myself) I didn't plan on eating any food, but then the guy beside me got his food and WOW I nearly robbed his plate! This food is AMAZING a must! If you don't go I'll cry! And then go for a drink at the roof top bar down the road @mrpurplenyc  5- @casamonobarjamon a Michelin stared tapas bar... need I say more 🙌🏼💕 6-@untitlednyc (treat) now now now you CAN NOT, go to NYC and not stop here to get a cookie! If you do, I'll cry again, so go, walk in order a cookie to take away, it takes 8mins (so you know it's gonna be good) and walk out take a bite and be the happiest person alive  7@apothekenyc (drinks) hidden cocktail bar in China town, delicious cocktails, amazing atmosphere and unbelievable live music!! My fav night to go here is a Monday/Tuesday!! 8- all my fav coffee spots I'm just going to put all in one @bluebottle @theelk @birchcoffee @stumptowncoffee all Delish!  9- @thenomadhotel GO FOR LUNCH HERE!! it is fancy, it's delicious, you get a whole loaf of warm bread to your table and it's just so nice in every way!! 10- @twohandsnyc (lunch) love it here, they have two places, both Delish!! I have lots of other places I liked but I'm running out of room in this post, so the final thing I need to tell you to do is GO AND SEE @sleepnomorenyc ITS INCREDIBLE!