What a game for the New York Mets! For the first time in a long time, the bats were finally showing up. The Mets were feeling right from the first inning. Curtis Granderson, who was batting leadoff for the first time this season walked which was followed by an Asdrubal Cabrera double. Yoenis Cespedes then stepped up to the plate and demolished the baseball to deep center field to give the Mets an early 3-0 lead.  Once again in the second Granderson got it started, this time with a double. Cabrera then hit a blooper into second and advanced Grandy to third. After a Yoenis Cespedes pop out Jay Bruce delivered driving Granderson and Cabrera to extend the lead to 5-0. In the bottom of the second Maikel Franco started off the inning with a solo homer against Matt Harvey. After that hiccup Harvey was able to settle down and retire the next three batters. The Mets also tacked in the third. After a José Reyes double, Travis d'Arnaud singled into center field to score Reyes to make it 6-1. In the 4th the Mets didn't decide to stop either. Asdrubal Cabrera and Yoenis Cespedes went back-to-back to give the Mets a commanding 8-1 lead.  Howie Kendrick and Odubel Herrera starter off the bottom of the 4th with singles each. With a Michael Saunders ground out Kendrick was able to score to make it 8-2.  The problems for the Phillies continued in the 5th. Yoenis Cespedes destroyed the ball yet again with his 3rd home run of the day, this one to deep center field again. This is his 2nd three home run game as a Met. Lucas Duda joined the home run party in the 6th with a dinger of his own. He destroyed the balk way beyond the Ivy in center field and made it 10-2. Neil Walker began the 8th inning with a double to center. Later that inning Travis d'Arnaud would get a dinger of his own, a two run shot to extend the lead to 12-2. After that both TJ Rivera and Curtis Granderson drew walks. Asdrubal Cabrera then singled down the left field line and drove in Rivera to make it 13-2 now. Josh Edgin then allowed two runs in the bottom of the 8th. Doubles from Hernandez and Nava with a ground out from Franco gave them the two useless runs. Then right when you thought the Mets scoring was done