You get a home run, you get a home run, everyone gets a home run! Yoenis Cespedes had a legendary night and the Mets caught fire, hitting seven home runs en route to a 14-4 blowout of the Phillies on a summer-like night at Citizens Bank Park. Here's the Happy Recap from South Philly!  Leading a robust offense, Yoenis a Cespedes mashed three home runs -- the second time he's done so in his career -- and drove in five runs Tuesday night. Cespedes' first homer was a three-run bomb which came in the first inning as the third batter of the game, and the Mets never took the foot off the gas pedal.  On a night where the Mets mashed seven homers, Lucas Duda hit the farthest. Duda got a hold of an Adam Morgan fastball and drove it 454 feet to dead center field, up onto the concourse beyond the batter's eye at Citizen Bank Park. Duda came through again in the ninth inning, hitting a solo homer. Duda finished a triple shy of the cycle.  Also having a mammoth night at the plate was Asdrubal Cabrera, who, like Duda, fell a triple shy of the cycle in addition to scoring three runs. Cabrera teamed up with Cespedes to hit back-to-back homers in the fourth inning.  Jay Bruce remained one of the hottest hitters in baseball, accounting for both of the Mets' runs in the second inning with his two-run single.  Mets starter Matt Harvey turned in his second consecutive solid outing on his second start of the season. On the heels of an masterful performance last week, the Dark Knight struck out six, scattered five hits, walked just one and allowed two runs in 5.2 innings. Harvey abruptly left with a tight hamstring.  Travis d'Arnaud joined in on the fun, hitting a two run homer in the eighth -- his first of the season.  With a chance to become the 17th player in MLB history to hit four home runs in a game, Cespedes had to settle for a double. He finished the night 4-6.  What a game! The Mets' seven-homer performance nearly matched their eight-homer performance at the same ballpark on Aug. 24, 2015. Hopefully tonight sparks the offense the same way it did in 2015. LGM!  #Mets #Phillies #NewYork #Philadelphia #baseball #sports #NYC #CitiField #LGM